tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$color: int colorAccent
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$color: int colorPrimary
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$color: int colorPrimaryDark
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$color: int white
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$drawable: int ic_appwidget_off
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$drawable: int ic_appwidget_on
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$drawable: int ic_notification
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$id: int btn_access_entry
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$id: int btn_appwidget
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$id: int btn_cancel
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$id: int btn_help
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$id: int btn_settings
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$id: int btn_start
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$id: int btn_submit
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$id: int et_custom_keycode
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$id: int layout_content
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$id: int textview_author
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$layout: int activity_guide_layout
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$layout: int appwidget_layout
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$layout: int v_custom_keycode
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$mipmap: int ic_launcher
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int access_entry
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int access_entry_use
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int allow_remove_notification
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int app_name
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int attention
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int author
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int auto_close_statusbar
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int button_blocked
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int button_unblocked
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int button_vibrate
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int cancel
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int continuedo
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int custom_setting
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int disabled_volume_key
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int enable_block
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int enabled_custom
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int enabled_custom_describe
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int force_notification_control
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int go_start
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int has_disabled
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int has_enabled
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int help
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int input_keycode
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int introduce
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int keyblock_activity
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int keyblock_activity_describe
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int keyblock_activity_settings
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int keyblock_custom_closed
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int loading
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int notify_mes_off
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int notify_mes_on
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int restart_service
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int root
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int root_describe
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int root_failed
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int setting
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int show_notification_icon
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int show_system_application
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int spaces_separate
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int start_service_first
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int submit
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int test_keycode
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int tile_set
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int vibrate_warn
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int wrong_format
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int xml_custom_settings
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int xml_general_settings
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int xml_notify_settings
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int xml_open_close
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int xml_root_settings
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$string: int xml_tile_settings
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$style: int AppTheme
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$style: int holo_actionbar_style
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$style: int holo_actionbar_titleStyle
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$xml: int appwidget_info
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$xml: int preference_settings
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.R$xml: int service_config
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.activity.MainActivity
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.activity.MainActivity: MainActivity()
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.activity.SettingsActivity
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.activity.SettingsActivity: SettingsActivity()
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.base.BaseApplication
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.base.BaseApplication: BaseApplication()
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.receiver.RemoteReceiver
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.receiver.RemoteReceiver: RemoteReceiver()
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.receiver.WidgetProvider
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.receiver.WidgetProvider: WidgetProvider()
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.service.KeyBlockService
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.service.KeyBlockService: KeyBlockService()
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.service.QuickSettingService
tool.lmxy1990.keyblocker.service.QuickSettingService: QuickSettingService()
